# Three-Box Foraging Behavioral Analysis
This is where I perform all my analyses of the behavioral data in the three-box foraging task. This repo is organized into the following sections:

1. `data` - this folder contains experiment data as well as any data structures generated by the code. Experiment data can be downloaded upon request and placed in `data/experiments`. Pre-existing data structures useful for analysis may be found under `data/analysis`.
2. `docs` - this folder contains useful documentation about the experiment, results, etc. Some of the pdfs are directly generated from notebooks contained in `notebooks`.
3. `figures` - this folder is used to contain any figures generated by scripts.
4. `notebooks` - this folder contains jupyter notebooks that interface with the `foraging` package to render results and figures.
   + start with the `Data Cleaning.ipynb` notebook first to get an overview of the data and how it's cleaned. Then proceed to the `Behavioral Analysis` and then the `Belief Analysis` notebooks.
5. `src` - this folder contains the `foraging` package, which you should install locally in your environment. See steps to setup below.

# Dependencies
You can see the full list in the `pyproject.toml` under the `dependencies` field.

# Setup
To install the `foraging` package, cd to the root of this repo and just run `pip install .` in terminal! To install in development mode, where you may wish to edit the package files, run `pip install -e .`.

### Contact: nquazi@andrew.cmu.edu